we're talking about moms and when you
come home from work or you've been with
your kids all day sometimes you don't
want to want to cook but ordering
takeout can be so fattening and
unhealthy and this is pad thai this is
ordering and Thai food it's a really
fattening noodle dish from Thai
restaurants and it has peanuts and it
has kind of like a brown sticky sauce
and it's delicious but to make it at
home it's a drastic drastic difference
in calories and it can be fun for kids
all right so these are vermicelli rice
noodles a lot of people are gluten-free
now and rice noodles are great if you're
gluten-free they have a great texture I
happen to love them and then here's a
little topping bar so you're gonna make
your pad thai noodles they're a little
bit wet drain them but not completely
because I'm not using a lot of fat the
toasted sesame oil you got to use the
toasted because it has that really
sesame flavor tablespoon of soy sauce
get the reduced sodium once your ankles
don't swell okay this is half a teaspoon
of fish sauce in a lot of Asian recipes
there's an interesting flavor that you
can't figure out what it is and it's
fish sauce and it sounds scary and it
sounds fishy but it's not honey a
teaspoon of honey needs that sweetness a
lot of Asian food has that sweetness and
they put a lot of MSG and stuff in it so
this is actually pretty healthy a half a
teaspoon of lime juice
Thai food have a lot of lime and then
chili paste 1/2 teaspoon of chili paste
for that zip okay then with your cube
sorry I forgot this garlic clove 1/2 a
teaspoon of crushed ginger and quarter
teaspoon of pepper I'm not adding salt
because the soy sauce has salt okay now
this is the fun part with your kids and
you can use whatever you have here's
some chicken bean sprouts if you have
broccoli there are carrots and I find
that when you involve your kids and let
them kind of mix it up with you they
want to eat it so it has cilantro which
not everyone likes use what you have
these are chopped cashews you can use
peanuts whatever nuts you like okay this
takes five seconds to make it is so
delicious and flavorful that you can't
believe it that I have to have somebody
from the audience try it and I do this
for my daughter you make you take a
little piece of paper roll it up and do
the rubber bands because the chopsticks
it's cute for kids to learn and for
adults eating with chopsticks makes you
eat much more slowly and you end up
eating less
so take-out pad thai has nine hundred
and fifty calories and thirty grams of
fat my takeout fake-out has 142 calories
and 5 grams of fat that's a big
you